Bugfix/cds cy cognito (#22252)
demisto/content: Packs/CyCognito/ReleaseNotes/1_0_1.md

#### Layouts
##### CyCognito Issue Information

> - Removed unnecessary fields of ServiceNow from the Incident Layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved implementation by removing unnecessary ServiceNow fields from the Incident Layout.
```
